# lessonplans

This repository contains lesson plans, handouts, and teacher handouts
for math outreach sessions in a classroom setting.  The imagined use
case is for presenters with graduate or advanced undergraduate
education providing who are participating in math outreach activities.
I have tried to make the material accessible to math teachers as well.

The repository is open-source, which, I hope, will help keep the
materials accessible for a longer term to more people.  The text is
written in TeX, and the figures in Asymptote
(https://asymptote.sourceforge.io/).  The license is CC BY-SA, as
described in the license file.

My current goal is to develop a series of lesson plans for k-6, so
that the students in an elementary school can get a math outreach
lesson each year without having to have the same material twice.  I
update the lesson plans using the feedback from workshops that I've
given; this at least makes it realistic for that particular situation!

There is some attempt to follow the Alberta math curriculum, but the
real objective here isn't to improve test scores; these workshops are
designed to be tools for curiosity and enthusiasm.  And not only for
the students; the math outreach is also for educators, who could use a
bit more math-related fun, and many of whom may be math-phobic
themselves.

One of the main pedagogical tools is math games and puzzles, which may
be more accessible to a wider audience.  When presenting, some amount of
showmanship is always fun; it's great to play the clown when presenting
mathematics.

I hope that these lesson plans and materials may be of use to you.  If
you have ideas that you would like to contribute, please either make a
pull request, or raise an issue!  If you present with these materials,
I would love to hear how it goes; my email malcolm.i.w.roberts@gmail.com

Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-sa].

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg
